1. The end of the enlightenment : to the death and life
1.death is the most important for ancient egygpt people.so they raise money for making theirsely coarpse into mummy.from this point you should know why the skill is so high-advenced.
2.congzhen emperor ask the future of the country from cheater.
3.CiXi queen left testamentary edict which require woman leader is prohibited to influnence the policy of the country.
4.Nazi left last wish,who wish the inspecter is not punished.becasue the inspecter do not find that he hide poison.
5.does there exist alient?

(should watch again)
2.refuse and escape bei,shang and guang.your sense decide your fare.
1).why professinoal player just use wired mouse.
2)the drunk of Song Jiang lose face before Li shishi.
3)using golden fork to get pee is the best life of two farmers.
4)it is easily to discover genius in city.

6.can not cure the regional discrimination
1.regional discrimination is a chain of discrimination.Henan's people do not pay attention to theirself personal hygiene
2.Kanxi always complain of the stingy character of Shanxi's people
3.American boxing king refuse the military service because fo discrimination.
4.how to be not discriminated,the most effective action is  struggling organizedly.

9.The kindness and evil of charity
1.african people cannot have food,because of food assistant of white people.
2.shanghai's chariy is so high in nineteen centry thirty,
3.management of hospital of XieHe is so strict,every people have a  miserable look
4.why do ZengGuofang behave as ChenGuangbiao?


16.the darwin kill the god
evolution theory
1.male peacock's tail puzzle darwin
2.theory of evolution inverse traditional idea, evolution do not have direction
3.one leter from Laier astonish darwin.
4.old diehard against theory of wvolution,feel guilty so that commit suicide.
5.the evolution of human being is not greater than bacteria,evolution of human being is just accidental.

17.the dawn of the anti-corruption
1)chinese corruption is not able to be governed
2)american senator treat other,should pay for theirself and show bill
3)income of rich is not frague,tax mainly is from white-collar
4)government against information free law. 
correlation of information


52.who kill the roman?
1.the turning point of Roman's rise and decline.(Cubone,break the mobility of socity)
2.imperial examination system(天上英雄尽入吾彀，honor system,ethical system)
3.Constantine,theocracy replace monarchical power.
break the mobility of socity of different classes
intensively spirit control,monotheism lose the diversity.

56.strange and miracle jury
1)great judgment
2)american court like competition of soccor
3)the game of court
4)advantages and disadvantages of jury

74.prisoner of JiaQing


111.speed of dying and living in the Qing dynasty
1.Great State Boxer Protocol not only reparate
2.great turn between japan and russia
3.the governor after the death of Lafayette
4.politics like evil
5.the last political words of japanese premier

112.heritage of bad king
1.is the english people never conquered?
2.the worst english king
3.crux between king and  pope
4.conclude and sign magna carta
5.it is  not vexatious for reformation


125.Einstein counteroffensive
scientific community
scientific thinking
free will


183.who should we  believe ?
1.there are many important medical reseach paper which is not verified by other reseacher.even some 's result is wrong.
vitamin C.
2.how to define the definition of science.
3.genetically modified food ,Bai yan song reporter

184.what is strategy
1.five anti-france war,Austro-Hungary empire,Hapsburg Monarchy,Napoleon,venus meeting.
2.Metternich time, Doll imperialism
3.european pattern(mutually restrict,principle of legitimacy,balance cake)
4.go game have strategic logic.equilibrium, transformation of contradiction,a equilibrium is translated into a new and next equilibrium.
5.chinese chess represent tatics. aggravate contradictions and resolve contradictions.
6 life strategy

185.the comming class socity
caste system,Class System
Plato
educational stratification
exam-oriented education
racial discrimination
WASP white Anglo-Saxon Protestant
jewdish
quality education
1.feature,such as physical feature,golf,fencing
2.Alumni Interview
3.donation
mainstream society
social stratification,
poor people three standard:
1.get married and have a birth,single family.intelligence
2.senoir graduation,take drug
3.full-time job
recognition ability limit class
feel despair
eloquence
cultivate craft(middle class's education )
family's ideology,wealth,class
1.economical problem
2.complexity,current socity is more and more complex
3.technological,artificial intelligence
hero:Beyond the people of his own fate

186.how to become a star of network
1.MaxArthur,brigadier,Chief of Staff
know how to show
truman:political man
veteran die,he just withered
the base line:military exceed one's power or authority
“fox and hedgehog",monistik,hegel,danding
multiple values,shakespeare
japanese,mikado,hostage,Japan's Constitution
essence of war is national economic stength
game:china will lead asia revolution,china have myself power
Strategic Depth
public attention
hearing
zero-sum game
trump,great wall
the will of people

187.trap
public relation
Tian jing incident
internal strife
heresy
idealism
sexuality resource:ten dead nine rape
humanity
secular regime
arthority
supply chain
represent of practical ability
only not to wrong
put dream at one side and compromise towards reality.
Cook managing iphone is inevitable

188.understand market again.
1)three lies of havard.
2)why chinese rich is so stingy.
3)americna university do their best to get funds.
4)is american school unprofitable?
5)is russia outwardly strong and inwardly weak?
6)is chinese medical reformation able to be finish quickly?

189.buisiness man is this specy  
republication
venice
religious belief:the Orthodox eastern church
San Marco
reduce risk
risk presentaton
venice control the crusades
comprehensive system
buisiness is coward

190,strange failure in trouble times
yuan shao
Lovelace Cao sacrifice his son for beauty
who open the times of three countries
trump card of Cao cao
Little big little emperors
do hero with intelligence and courage

191.old method can not catch new oppoturnity
tian su ning introduce "publisher"
路义思
skull and bone meeting
for merging middle-class making a publicaiton
yellow news
NewYork paper
1)"times"concern china
2)the "yellow news" populate in america
3)cross japanese flag
4)have you read slow news?
5)time is the most scare resource.


192.the week's logic
1)the foreigner is relatives of officer of Qing dynasty  
2)governor do not keep promise
3)"six no" governor which is bilittled by history
4)the facts of burning the Yuanminyuan
5)have the targets,faling do not be beated.



193.the meaning of comunity
rich and powful of german do not show his rich
the maining function of luxury distinguish the rich and the poor
衣锦夜行，沐猴为冠
work of art,provided of the aged
1)germany rich do not like showing money 
2)local tyrant do not like politics
3)how situation do germany poor live ?
poor man loose self-constrains. 

194.the success and failure of Chiang Kai-shek
1)Chiang Kai-shek always lie about his education background
2)always leave queue
法统，党统
财权
3)the general always failure
4)stock,earning money for revolution
5)the history evolution of party
6)the party chaos of KMT

195.the problem of great power
american always emphasize free trade 
1)american do not have highspeed raliway
2)do you look forward to beishangguangshen?
3)bankrupt of company is good thing
4)do you excluede foreign region people
5)the fariest system.  


196.the cruelty of political logic
1)swindle by false pretences of KangYouWei
2)the red man in front of Galeries lafayette.
3)Royal highness fight with foreigner
4)good marketing case of boxer
5)cixi kill all teammates

197.the correct figure for openning the classical music
1)one center(german,austria),two basic point(italy(opera),russia(sad))
2)two topic,古人更牛叉，我们更牛叉
armlost venus
Bach,Beethoven,Mozart
Is movie the future of music?

198.are you big baby?
口欲期，肛欲期
see throught clear 
noology
1)is there standard norm of sex on earth?
2)are you a absent husband?
3)what style will you be?
4)three feature of  mentality of "big baby"
5)fuzzy logic of chinese family

199.logic of effective action
1)human evolution depend on learn slag
进化病，一元病，环境病
2)you always eat drug-salt every day.
human and dog

204.mental cultivation methods of Wang Yangmin

205.learning about our generation
1. human's panic from external world's complexity
> demand evolve in appreciation,knowledge anxious mood
2. how to study in sporadical ,lifelong ,transboundary times.
> conceptulation,befor learning new knowledge, you should review the concept of new knowledge
> 竞和，互驯。
> 缝合, express it one time.1.reading note 

# new chapter
1. reunderstand 亚当斯密Adam Smith
2. knowledge of real world
3. another Lin Zexu
4. base of the power
5. why was slave not possible to build pyramid
6. 历史层累说
7. paradox of conservatism
8. black hole of forty year
9. side product of regulation.
10. 概率权
11. 过往不恋
12. 第一性原理
13. dirty words
14. 会飞的猪
15. 穷查理宝典