
68.could india have chinese speed£¿
1.Indian religious influence daily behavoirs of indian people.indian culture.
2.pessimits think that indian have five advantages.£¨1 weak locality,strong center.2 commercail atmosphere is not good (corruption inefficient) 3 caste system 4 one billion youth labor,promoteing build industry from china,5 basic infrastructure.
3.the two side neglect the influence of history on reality
4.economical fragment result that indian dukes or princes under an emperor dominate.
5.there is not a united market,unify fiscal system is difficulte,land acquisition,labour policy.

69.saudi arabia and Iran broke off diplomatic relations
current profits,collision of historical nation and religious faction
1.the orgin of the factions's collision
2.iran is Shiite
3.Persia new policy of ismail
4.Safavi fail from Osman
5.hundred year's seasaw war in middle asian
6.religious factions would control the Middle East's state

70. battle of chinese RMB exchange rate.
1.fluctuating of RMB's exchange rate influence the world's economy
2.formation and effect of dollar circulation system. 
3.quantitative easing influence the economy of the world and emerging market country.
4.the cause of chinese capital outflows recently.
5.casue of adjusting exchange rate(profits lose out) 
6.the two methods and harm(unstable for exhange rate) of short selling RMB
7.the risk of RMB's internationalization
8.path of revolution of RMB's exchange rate (traditionalism,adventure,prudent)

71.gunpowder empire control south asia
1.gunpowder rising promote indian unification
2.Jodhaa Akbar 
3.marriage stable political situation
4.religious tolerance policy
5.geostrategy
6.military manorial system
7.tax system


100.the world dominance genes of american
1.research the time traval of north america. cause of spanish developing colonial Americathe is for finding gold and silver.
2.there are three reason spanish colony pattern(1.country 's strategy 2. Inefficiency 3. robbed development,less investment of basic infrastructure and education)
3. the internal and external factor for promoting the development of colonies
4.Barbados's  plantation produce high profits and highly single economic development model.
5.High strength work for making sugar form slave trade.
6. two-tier society because highly commercial merger and exploit labor.

101.the difference between north and south in american origin form economy
Britain take the lead in the American continent on the settlement patterns of a company, partnership, but in Virginia and New England region of natural environment, as well as the colonists America different purposes of the land, to the two colonies of different development model, also for future generations the establishment of the American political and social management model laid the foundation
1.franchise rights of english colony
2.american colonist  face high dead rate.
3.tobacco stimulate the development of virginia
4.why do virginia not to form city's group.
5.
indentured servant
Virginia
smallpox,(disease spread,the main important reason of reducing population)
got the food through hunting when lack food 
coorporation operation.
pioneer->martyr
imigration wave
metropolis
water transportation is very convenient 
conty control all official department
platation form

new england
Puritan break church,listen 
religious reformation
Christian
" Max Weber"
democracy<==equal wealth
square 

102.caucasus region will succeed chinese silk road
caucasus region is the junction of the Eurasian continent,not only the geographical place is richly endowed by nature,but also own rich oil and natural gas,is the point or focus of striving between USA and Russia,Georgia and other contries show highly passion of corporation about chinese one silk one road.
Armenia massacre
military conflict

103.why stalin turn against the hometown
build country based christian
georia build alliance with tsarist russia
the main contradiction is that annex the country
second contradiction is that russia abolish family of the rulling class.
the orthodox eastern church
bolshevik
stalin like playing with literati Gorky
organize a strike
big russia's chauvinism
minority control country of the majority's nation.
industrialization of heavy industry
big three:stalin,Roosevelt,Churchill

104.north pirate build national wonder
unemployment insurance
social profits
medical and education is free
losing his wallet test
tax is high,ensure the system.
polarization between the rich and poor
happiness index
financial problem
racial discrimination conciousness
"lagom"ÖÐÓ¹Ö®µÀ union equality share and responsibility
FIka time
harald the vikings
wealth distribution
individualistic heroism
the salor spirit
eqality accompany management
intelligence economy
abolish death penalty
environmental protection
1)north european high tax support high profit's policy
2)pirate culture influence north european country.
3)equal cooperation spirit blend in norrh european life

105.new england pattern model betray england.
boston is naturally port
favorable climatic,geographical and human conditions
shipbuilding industry produce many production chain
create buisiness chance.
navigation acts
shiping industry
trade network
credit current 
crossing the middle-income trap
1)objective reason of newengland pattern's rising sharply
2)natural geographical defact
3)boston port is favorable climatic,geographical and human conditions

106.american begin awaking because of english exploiting.
1)the influence of england diversified economy
2)a sea powerful chief of Netherlands is formed in 17 centries
3)the important function of "marine bill"
4) "marine bill" result the war between netherland and england.
5)the negative effect of "marine bill"
6)england-france war change north american pattern.
7) "sucrose bill" counterproductive
8)"stamp tax bill" confirm american future development.

107.profits pursuiting let america revolt
big business and big landload
profits distribution of goverment's class
natural priviledge
land tenure systems
property in land
1)The root cause of United States eventually becoming independent
2)Bill of <Sailing> caused serious consequences
3)colonial struggle system and the formation of scale
4)the duty of ownership of land in the United States 
5)<tea bill> become the fuse of war

108.American independence deeply influence the financial cost
1)diving power of american independence
2)american population's explosion drive that self-spirit awake
3)The Boston tea event lead to escalation
4)the British underestimate the colonies so that they are failure
5)Lexington shots spark an unprecedented response
6)the two operational guidelines of the British
7)Birtain win in losing game becasue of risk
8)The root cause of the wrong judgement
9)The historical reasons of wakness of the new U.S administration 
10)The book "common sense" which is published from Paine reverse the situation
11)the roor cause of losing leader in The United States

109.why is american president not elected directly
1)the true facts of election system of america
2)election rebellian in american history
3)the historical reason of formation of american election's system
4)the construction of the confederacy system
5)land coins and inflation bring about the influence
6)four profits's group oppose confederacy system.
7)xiesi rebellian result american civil strife
8)the construction motivation of american democracy

110.trump counter attack elite group in the united states.
1)the main content constitution of the United States
2)the Interests's dispute  of the two opposing camps
3)the main content of meeting of building constituion
4)two big differences between majority and minority.
5)bicameral legislature from compromising
6)separation of powers prevent majority rule
7)the two implicated premise adapting united states's system

111.the swedish model is lonely
1)first impression is Goteborg
2)swedish special tax system
3)sweden's feminism populate
4)man-woman pair system
5)special love breakout of sweden's love ,special marriage form
6)swedish emphasize the importance of "every is equal"
7)United States's attitude of private profits 
8)sweden is a standard capitalist society
9)main resource of sweden tax is from individual income tax

112.creating job of trump new polocy
commercial emperor group and plutocrat share sovereignty such as legislative power 
1.know Unite States from movie"Billy Lynn midfiled battle"
2.the core of trump's time: The interior is preferred
3.negative effect of quantitative easing monetary policy and low interest rate policy
4.serious problem of commercial emperor group
5.large-scale reduce tax
6.foreign profits flow back US
7.basic infrastructure fall behind
8.global stratege contraction

113.three main gene construct swedish model
1.concept of equality exist in corporation's interior in swedish society
2.concept of share for private privilege in swedish people's heart
3.ship culture of swedish share spirite.
4.the formation of Swedish consensus mechanism in World War 2
5.difference of property rights between United States and Sweden
6.the reason of Strong hierarchy existing in Sweden
7.the core of Swedish consensus culture

114.uncover the secret of reason of swedish industrial rising
1.inovative gene
2.sea transportation 
3.english industrial evolution influence swedish evolution
4.one hundred accumulation of inovative power
5.Iron smelting industry developt
6.the reason of deeply equlity spirit in swedish society.
5.iron smelting industry stimulate chemistry's development

118.anti-Globilization tide impact east Europe
1. polish people have intense sensitiveness of politics.
2. the important reason of polish people lacking of feel of security.
3. the important reason of poland becoming colonization of the economy
4. profit distribution do not average in old global system.
5. American dollar cycle system result the problem of globalization.
6. Difference between Chinese new silk road and American TTP.
7. the key"strong leader" is solveing european union's problem.
8. country's feature of global open system  


119.comparison between US and China
1.objective recognition of concept of chinese tax
2.reason of differet result of chinese macroscopic tax
3.main utilizing of chinese tax
housing fund
added-value fund
4.how do added-value fund bound to upstream and downstream.
5.why do chinese corporation complaim of weight of tax.
6.the separation of consciousness of US result that added-value didn't work
IMF do not accomodate chinese situation

